README.rst, before:

Python Client for Cloud Optimization API
========================================

|stable| |pypi| |versions|

`Cloud Optimization API`_: is a managed routing service that takes your list of orders, vehicles, constraints, and objectives and returns the most efficient plan for your entire fleet in near real-time.

- `Client Library Documentation`_
- `Product Documentation`_

.. |stable| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-stable-gold.svg
   :target: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst#stability-levels
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-cloud-optimization.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-optimization/
.. |versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/google-cloud-optimization.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-optimization/
.. _Cloud Optimization API: https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _Client Library Documentation: https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/optimization/latest
.. _Product Documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs

Quick Start
-----------

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. `Select or create a Cloud Platform project.`_
2. `Enable billing for your project.`_
3. `Enable the Cloud Optimization API.`_
4. `Setup Authentication.`_

.. _Select or create a Cloud Platform project.: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
.. _Enable billing for your project.: https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project
.. _Enable the Cloud Optimization API.:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _Setup Authentication.: https://googleapis.dev/python/google-api-core/latest/auth.html

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install this library in a virtual environment using `venv`_. `venv`_ is a tool that
creates isolated Python environments. These isolated environments can have separate
versions of Python packages, which allows you to isolate one project's dependencies
from the dependencies of other projects.

With `venv`_, it's possible to install this library without needing system
install permissions, and without clashing with the installed system
dependencies.

.. _`venv`: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html


Code samples and snippets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Code samples and snippets live in the `samples/`_ folder.

.. _samples/: https://github.com/googleapis/python-optimization/tree/main/samples


Supported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Our client libraries are compatible with all current `active`_ and `maintenance`_ versions of
Python.

Python >= 3.7

.. _active: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#in-development-main-branch
.. _maintenance: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#maintenance-branches

Unsupported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Python <= 3.6

If you are using an `end-of-life`_
version of Python, we recommend that you update as soon as possible to an actively supported version.

.. _end-of-life: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#end-of-life-branches

Mac/Linux
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    python3 -m venv <your-env>
    source <your-env>/bin/activate
    pip install google-cloud-optimization


Windows
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    py -m venv <your-env>
    .\<your-env>\Scripts\activate
    pip install google-cloud-optimization

Next Steps
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Read the `Client Library Documentation`_ for Cloud Optimization API
   to see other available methods on the client.
-  Read the `Cloud Optimization API Product documentation`_ to learn
   more about the product and see How-to Guides.
-  View this `README`_ to see the full list of Cloud
   APIs that we cover.

.. _Cloud Optimization API Product documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _README: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst

Commit message:

build: update README to indicate that source has moved and delete all files (#154)

README.rst, after:

:**NOTE**: **This github repository is archived. The repository contents and history have moved to** `google-cloud-python`_.

.. _google-cloud-python: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/tree/main/packages/google-cloud-optimization


Python Client for Cloud Optimization API
========================================

|stable| |pypi| |versions|

`Cloud Optimization API`_: is a managed routing service that takes your list of orders, vehicles, constraints, and objectives and returns the most efficient plan for your entire fleet in near real-time.

- `Client Library Documentation`_
- `Product Documentation`_

.. |stable| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-stable-gold.svg
   :target: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst#stability-levels
.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/google-cloud-optimization.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-optimization/
.. |versions| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/google-cloud-optimization.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-optimization/
.. _Cloud Optimization API: https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _Client Library Documentation: https://cloud.google.com/python/docs/reference/optimization/latest
.. _Product Documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs

Quick Start
-----------

In order to use this library, you first need to go through the following steps:

1. `Select or create a Cloud Platform project.`_
2. `Enable billing for your project.`_
3. `Enable the Cloud Optimization API.`_
4. `Setup Authentication.`_

.. _Select or create a Cloud Platform project.: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
.. _Enable billing for your project.: https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/modify-project#enable_billing_for_a_project
.. _Enable the Cloud Optimization API.:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _Setup Authentication.: https://googleapis.dev/python/google-api-core/latest/auth.html

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Install this library in a virtual environment using `venv`_. `venv`_ is a tool that
creates isolated Python environments. These isolated environments can have separate
versions of Python packages, which allows you to isolate one project's dependencies
from the dependencies of other projects.

With `venv`_, it's possible to install this library without needing system
install permissions, and without clashing with the installed system
dependencies.

.. _`venv`: https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html


Code samples and snippets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Code samples and snippets live in the `samples/`_ folder.

.. _samples/: https://github.com/googleapis/python-optimization/tree/main/samples


Supported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Our client libraries are compatible with all current `active`_ and `maintenance`_ versions of
Python.

Python >= 3.7

.. _active: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#in-development-main-branch
.. _maintenance: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#maintenance-branches

Unsupported Python Versions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Python <= 3.6

If you are using an `end-of-life`_
version of Python, we recommend that you update as soon as possible to an actively supported version.

.. _end-of-life: https://devguide.python.org/devcycle/#end-of-life-branches

Mac/Linux
^^^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    python3 -m venv <your-env>
    source <your-env>/bin/activate
    pip install google-cloud-optimization


Windows
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: console

    py -m venv <your-env>
    .\<your-env>\Scripts\activate
    pip install google-cloud-optimization

Next Steps
~~~~~~~~~~

-  Read the `Client Library Documentation`_ for Cloud Optimization API
   to see other available methods on the client.
-  Read the `Cloud Optimization API Product documentation`_ to learn
   more about the product and see How-to Guides.
-  View this `README`_ to see the full list of Cloud
   APIs that we cover.

.. _Cloud Optimization API Product documentation:  https://cloud.google.com/optimization/docs
.. _README: https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/blob/main/README.rst
